[07-11-2024 05:45 PM] Chinmai NCE: Gis reboting noting bit teking one branch an is to the tip of the main bronches [ adding Commit It is wed to Integrate change from one bron

Procedure

Git Hub-

Step 1:- Create a new repository or your gis hub Step &:- Copy the link of the newly Created re

A switch over to ferrinol

8

-

Terminal:-

Step 1- Create a new directory Mkdir name of the directory Mkdir lab 5

Step 2: rotke the new Created directory Ilcd/nome of the directory as worki

Cd lob 5

Step 3: clone the nenote repository to the local ma git clone "Copy the lins & patte".

Teacher's
[07-11-2024 05:46 PM] Chinmai NCE: Steps: you should change the wasting directory again kehich is nothing but the repository. created on the gis

Cd remote repository

ex: ca okoth.

Steps: check the gis bronch gis broach

Step 6: Create a new bronch with the nome git branch feature "feature

Step 7: Checkout from the main branch to feature git checkout feature

Step 8: Create a 3 files with a name

Vimletat

Vim 2.txt

Vim 3, tot

Create five by // gedit followed by lotow vin @touch litat Cusing this Corvus we can crede only but we can not edit).

Step 9:- Add all the newly created files to the git report

cking fi's add tracking Steplo:- lait each and every files and save it add files agan to the repository

Stepll: Comin't the changes mode to all the files with appropr git commit -m"changes are dore"

3 Comni-1.tat

2.txt

Teacher's
[07-11-2024 05:46 PM] Chinmai NCE: Stepis: check the git log git log

Step 13: Chonges the feature branch to main bronch git checkout Mair

Steply: On the main brench Create a file add to the rep

edit the file again to the repository also coront with of Message. Vir ty-tat

qu add

qit Commit -m" chonges are dome

Step 15: on the rein bronch check the git log git log

Rebase:-

git rebase feature main

Check git log

Main only :

16: peter the details of the remote repository (is Step 16: git fetch

Step 17: To Check the Repository details (to to check how on the nerote) git remote - V

Step 18: Push all the files to the remote gie push
[07-11-2024 05:47 PM] Chinmai NCE: Step 19; go to the gis hub of Refresh the page to verify all th files from the local machine is updated on the merde / gis hub.

Stepzo: After executing a git push Comment if you get authentication error go to gu't hub.

i> click on the profile { towards the right sthe lo option

ii) click on the settings.

• Scroll down developer settings (left side) *

Click on the personal access tokens.

tokens classic

A click on generate a perford men totkers

• Note: My persend wage (type some ressage)

A Expiration; set to no expiration

Select the scope

A click on Repository & work flow

[grepository is Mandatory flect is Repo

• dicker generate token.

• Copy generated token

apaingo to the terrind / excecate the push Command

git push

User name
